Hong Kong a cosmopolitan and dynamic
city and Asia is a great place to
nurture intellectual development and
creativity
the University of Hong Kong the longest
established universe in the territory is
ranked as the best university in Asia
and one of the top 25 universities in
the world the university is committed to
providing first class research
postgraduate education and learning that
meet the highest international standard
our academics are globally recruited and
many a world-renowned scholars a lot of
staff here is is from abroad from
overseas is this a great asset of Hong
Kong you because it also empowers a
cultural diversified atmosphere the
university currently has over 2600
research postgraduate students more than
half of them come from over 40 countries
including China English is the teaching
medium the university has extensive
academic links with more than 400
overseas universities and offers
research exchange opportunities and
prestigious universities as a
comprehensive research led university we
offer research postgraduate programs in
a wide range of research areas our
research postgraduate students learn
under the guidance of highly talented
staff in cutting-edge research with
advanced facilities
the university houses for state key
laboratories my supposes guidance and
their advices and the experience helped
me a lot to the most interesting and
most appealing thing here for me is
freedom of working the University
provides excellent library facilities to
support learning and research the
resulting in very important the for our
researcher the campus is equipped with
state-of-the-art support facilities
ranging from postgraduate residents to
comprehensive sports and recreational
facilities or the financial support for
from the university is really great
full-time student can really focus on
the studies the university is committed
to education of the next generation
researchers there is no better time than
the 21st century to realize their dreams
they should be innovative they should be
creative and they should dare to take up
a challenge
you